RUMM-192 Write tracing documentation (#127)
DataDog/dd-sdk-android: docs/log_collection.md

* Record real client IP addresses and User-Agents.
* Optimized network usage with automatic bulk posts.

> **Note**: The `dd-sdk-android` library supports all Android versions from API level 19 (Kit-Kat).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: The `dd-sdk-android` library supports all Android versions from API level 19 (KitKat).
```
